Update README.md with additional instructions for protoc and compilation (#65)
Concordium/concordium-grpc-api: README.md

- [Protocol Buffers Documentation](https://protobuf.dev/): This reference documentation is essential for understanding the syntax, features, and capabilities of Protocol Buffers, including how to define messages and services in .proto files.

- [Protocol Buffers Third-Party Plugins](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/blob/main/docs/third_party.md): This page provides information on third-party plugins available for use with Protocol Buffers, which can help in generating code for various languages and platforms beyond the official support.

**Notes from Experience**

- Make sure you are using the correct version of protoc. Older versions may have limitations when handling proto3 optional fields, leading to compilation issues.
- If compilation errors occur related to optional fields, upgrading protoc to version 28.3 should resolve these issues.
- The generated files should include both the gRPC client/service stubs and the data classes defined in types.proto.

> - If protoc is not compiling the appropriate files, 3rd party plugins may be the solution denpending on case, older versions of protoc had more dependancies on plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If protoc is not compiling the appropriate files, 3rd party plugins may be the solution depending on case, older versions of protoc had more dependencies on plugins.
```
